Specify the HELP command. (#132)
ircdocs/modern-irc: index.md

      :Wiz STATS c eff.org            ; request by WiZ for C/N line
                                      information from server eff.org

### HELP message

         Command: HELP
      Parameters: [<subject>]

> The `HELP` command is used to return documentation about the IRC server and the IRC commands it implements.
> When receiving an `HELP` command, servers MUST either:
> 
> 1. reply with {% numeric ERR_UNKNOWNCOMMAND %} if they don't support the command at all,
> 2. reply with a single {% numeric ERR_HELPNOTFOUND %} message if they do not know about the `<subject>`, or
> 3. reply with a single {% numeric RPL_HELPSTART %} message, then arbitrarily many {% numeric RPL_HELPTXT %} messages, then a single {% numeric RPL_ENDOFHELP %}.
> 
> Servers MAY use the third option even on unknown `<subject>`; especially if their reply would not fit in a single line.
> 
> It is recommended for the {% numeric RPL_HELPSTART %} message to be some sort of title and for the first {% numeric RPL_HELPTXT %} message to be empty; as if the help was part of a longer document.
> 
> Servers may define any `<subject>` they want.
> Servers typically have documentation for most of the IRC commands they support.
> 
> Clients SHOULD gracefully handle legacy servers that reply to `HELP` using a set of {% command NOTICE %}.
> On these servers, they may try the `HELPOP` command instead (with the same syntax), which may return the numeric-based type of reply.
> 
> Numerics:
> 
> * {% numeric ERR_UNKNOWNCOMMAND %}
> * {% numeric ERR_HELPNOTFOUND %}
> * {% numeric RPL_HELPSTART %}
> * {% numeric RPL_HELPTXT %}
> * {% numeric RPL_ENDOFHELP %}

Reviewer: This change just simplifies the command description. We don't need to mention `ERR_UNKNOWNCOMMAND` because that's done above in [this line](https://modern.ircdocs.horse/#optional-messages) (we should maybe move that to the the main client messages section, since that's true for all commands that are unknown).

I also simplified the title and first-line-being-empty paragraph. I feel okay saying SHOULD there and it makes the paragraph a whoooole lot easier for devs to read.

```suggestion
The `HELP` command is used to return documentation about the IRC server and the IRC commands it implements.

When receiving a `HELP` command, servers MUST either: reply with a single {% numeric ERR_HELPNOTFOUND %} message; or reply with a single {% numeric RPL_HELPSTART %} message, then arbitrarily many {% numeric RPL_HELPTXT %} messages, then a single {% numeric RPL_ENDOFHELP %}. Servers MAY return the {% numeric RPL_HELPTXT %} form for unknown subjects, especially if their reply would not fit in a single line.

The {% numeric RPL_HELPSTART %} message SHOULD be some sort of title and the first {% numeric RPL_HELPTXT %} message SHOULD be empty. This is what most servers do today.

Servers MAY define any `<subject>` they want.
Servers typically have documentation for most of the IRC commands they support.

Clients SHOULD gracefully handle older servers that reply to `HELP` with a set of {% command NOTICE %} messages.
On these servers, the client may try sending the `HELPOP` command (with the same syntax specified here), which may return the numeric-based reply.

Numerics:

* {% numeric ERR_HELPNOTFOUND %}
* {% numeric RPL_HELPSTART %}
* {% numeric RPL_HELPTXT %}
* {% numeric RPL_ENDOFHELP %}
```
